Tedu-110 add system settings for configuring Mautic section (#94)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/settings.rst

  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Text Message Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Select default transport to use** - If you have configured a delivery service for SMS messages, select the service here to send messages. You must configure a delivery service before selecting it here.

User/Authentication settings
****************************

SAML/SSO settings
=================

.. image:: images/SMAL-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing SAML/SSO Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Identity provider metadata file** - Upload the metadata XML file from your Identity Provider (IDP) here.

* **Default Role for created Users** - With :doc:`User Roles</users_roles/managing_roles>` created in the Roles section of the settings panel, you may select one of those Roles as the default for Users created using SSO. If empty, Mautic Users won’t be created using SSO. See Users and Roles.

Enter the names of the attributes the configured IDP uses for the Mautic User fields. Match the field name from your identity provider to the field name Mautic uses for User creation.

* **Email**
* **First name**
* **Last name**
* **Username**

> Use a custom X.509 certificate and private key to secure communication between Mautic and the IDP. Upload your:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a custom X.509 certificate and private key to secure communication between Mautic and the IDP. 

Upload your:
```

* **X.509 certificate**
* **Private key file**

> * Enter your **Private key encryption password**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Enter your **Private key encryption password**
```

* **Default timezone** - The Users’ default time zone, typically set to the time zone of the company headquarters. Time zones can be set for individual Users. The default is ``UTC``.

For example: Headquarters is in Boston and the default is set to US Eastern Time ``America New York``. A User in San Francisco ``US Pacific Time America Los Angeles`` can display Pacific Time in the User interface.

* **Default language** - The initial language assigned to Users. Individual Users may select their own settings. Mautic uses ``English - United States`` by default.

* **Cached data timeout (minutes)** - Mautic caches data to speed up page loads. Update this setting to change how long Mautic caches the data. Mautic uses ``10 minutes`` as the default.

* **Date Range Filter Default** - Sets the default for how far back from the current date Mautic looks for data in Reports (including Campaign and Email snapshots Reports on the item page), this sets the default for how far back from the current date Mautic looks for data. If you’ve changed the setting on a Report, Mautic uses what you’ve entered. Mautic’s default value is ``1 Month``.
 

> * **Default format for full dates, date only, short dates, and time only** - The defaults sets standard US time format. The letters in the boxes are PHP code. See the `PHP manual for date functions <https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.date>`_ to change formats.

Reviewer: Please update this to use the correct external linking syntax @favour-chibueze

CORS settings
=============

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) enables data to pass between your website and Mautic.

.. image:: images/cors-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing CORS Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Restrict Domains** - When set to No, any web page can pass information to Mautic. Select Yes to limit communication with your Mautic instance to websites listed in Valid Domains.

* **Valid Domains** - A list of domains allowed to communicate with your Mautic instance. In the text box, list the exact URL of the top level domain you want to enable, one per line. For example: ``https://www.mautic.com`` tracks any activity on Mautic.com pages, but ``https://www.mautic.com`` won’t because Mautic.com is a secure website.

.. note:: 

>   In the Valid Domains field, don’t include a slash at the end. For example, use ``https://www.mautic.com`` instead of ``https://www.mautic.com/``.

Author: ok

Miscellaneous settings
======================

.. image:: images/miscellaneous-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Miscellaneous Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Trusted hosts** - To explicitly whitelist the hosts allowed to send requests to Mautic. You can use regular expression and separate multiple hosts with a comma. i.e ``.*\.?trusted.com$`` If left empty, Mautic will respond to all hosts.

* **Trusted proxies** - To configure the IP addresses that should be trusted as proxies. This setting is mandatory when using Mautic behind an SSL terminating proxy. Separate multiple IP addresses by a comma. i.e ``127.0.0.1, 10.0.0.0/8, fc00::/7``

> * **IP lookup service** - By default, Mautic uses MaxMind GeoLite2 City to identify the city of a website visitor, based on the location of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) for their IP address.

Reviewer: Please link to the relevant part of the docs for the maxmind details.

> * **IP lookup service authentication** - To use another available IP lookup service, enter your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **IP lookup service authentication** - To use another available IP lookup service which requires authentication, enter your credentials.
```

> * **List of IPs not to track Contacts with** - To turn-off tracking for particular IP addresses, enter the addresses, one per line. Mautic doesn’t recommend adding your office IP address. If you list your internal IP address, Mautic won’t track clicks, page hits, etc., from that IP, including testing clicks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **List of IPs not to track Contacts with** - To turn off tracking for particular IP addresses, enter the addresses, one per line. Mautic doesn’t recommend adding your office IP address. If you list your internal IP address, Mautic won’t track clicks, page hits, etc., from that IP, **including when you are testing functionality**.
```

* **List of Bots to not track with** - Mautic has identified and turn-off tracking for several known bots. To track activity from those bots, remove them from this list. To turn-off tracking for other bots, add them here (one per line).

* **URL Shortener** - If you use a URL shortening service like bit.ly for links in SMS messages, enter your access token here. For bit.ly, use:

.. note:: 

>     https://api-ss..bitly.com/v3/shorten?access_token=[ACCESS_TOKEN]&format=txt&longUrl

Reviewer: Please enter the full URL - this has been shortened which does not help the user.

* **Item max lock time** - When a User edits a Campaign, Email, Landing Page, etc., Mautic locks the item to prevent simultaneous edits by other Users. When the initial User saves and closes or cancels out, the item may remain locked for this period of time. The default is ``0 seconds``.

> * **Translate page titles** - To translate page titles from non-Latin (non-English) characters to Latin characters (English).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Translate page titles** - To translate page titles in the Contact activity history from non-Latin (non-English) characters to Latin characters (English).
```

Update settings
===============

.. image:: images/update-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Update Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Set the minimum stability level required for updates** - This allows you to receive notifications for early access releases. Always read the release notes before updating to an early access release. Set the minimum stability level required for updates. 

* **Update Mautic through Composer [BETA]**  - Set to 'Yes' if you update Mautic through Composer. This is a prerequisite if you want to install and update Plugins through the Marketplace. This becomes the default installation and update method in Mautic 5.

Theme settings
**************

.. image:: images/theme-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Theme Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Default Theme** - Applies a Theme to any Form which doesn’t have a Theme already applied. If you don’t have a Landing Page for your preference center, but have preference settings turned on in Email settings, Mautic creates a default preference center page using the Form styling from the Theme selected here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Default Theme** - Applies a Theme to any Form which doesn’t have a Theme already applied. If you don’t have a Landing Page for your Preference Center, but have preference settings turned on in Email settings, Mautic creates a default Preference Center page using the Form styling from the Theme selected here.
```

API settings
************

.. image:: images/api-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing API Settings Configuration in Mautic

> Full API documentation is available here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full API documentation is available here.
```

Please include link to the API section of the developer documentation.

* **API enabled** - Select Yes to pass data in and out of Mautic through the API.

> * **Enable http basic auth?** - Enables basic authentication for Mautic’s API. Mautic recommends only using with secure sites (http).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Enable http basic auth?** - Enables basic authentication for Mautic’s API. It is recommended to only use this with secure sites (https).
```

> * **Access token lifetime** - When authorizing a new application or Integration, limits how long the access token is valid (in minutes). The default is ``60`` minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Access token lifetime** - When authorizing a new application or Integrations, this setting limits how long the access token is valid (in minutes). The default is ``60`` minutes.
```

> For example - You add a new Integration to your SaaS platform. Enter 30 here to limit the access token validity to ``30`` minutes. If you haven’t completed the authentication in that period of time, you must revalidate.

Reviewer: This has become outdented.

* **Refresh token lifetime** - When using OAuth 2.0, the lifetime of the refresh token used to request a new access token once expired. Once the refresh token expires, you must reauthorize. The default is ``14`` days.

Asset settings
**************

.. image:: images/assets-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Assets Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Path to the Asset directory** - Set the absolute path to where Assets is uploaded. In order to prevent the public from accessing Assets, use a directory outside of the public web root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Path to the Asset directory** - Set the absolute path to where Assets are uploaded. In order to prevent the public from accessing Assets, use a directory outside of the public web root.
```

> * **Maximum size (MB)** - Set the maximum size of uploaded Assets in MB (Megabytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Maximum size (MB)** - Set the maximum size of uploaded Assets in Mb (Megabytes).
```

* **Allowed file extensions** - Extensions of files separated by commas. You can only upload files with the specified file extensions.

Campaign settings
*****************

.. image:: images/campaign-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Campaign Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Wait time before retrying a failed action** - If for any reason a Campaign action doesn't execute, this is the length of time Mautic waits before trying again.

> * **Use date range for all views** - When viewing a Campaign, the actions, conditions, decisions, and Contacts tabs is based on the date range provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Use date range for all views** - When viewing a Campaign, the date range of actions, conditions, decisions, and Contacts displayed in the tabs is based on this setting.
```

> * **Use summary statistics** - Improves performance when viewing a Campaign with thousands of events per day by using summarized data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Use summary statistics** - Improves performance when viewing a Campaign with thousands of events per day by using summarized data. When you first turn on this setting you will need to run a cron job to summarize existing data.
```

Please link to the relevant section in the cron jobs section.

Email settings
**************

Mail send settings
==================

.. image:: images/mail-send-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Mail Send Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Name to send mail as** - The default name Emails come from. This is typically something like ``{YourCompany}`` Marketing Team or ``{YourCompany}``.

* **Email address to send mail from** - The Email address for the name you’re sending mail from. The address displays in the From: field when your Contacts receive your Emails.

.. note::

>    Ensure that you configure your sender domain, DKIM, bounce, and click tracking domains. For more information, see Email domains document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please link to the relevant documentation here.

> * **Reply to address** -  To have Contacts reply to a different address than the address defined in Email address to send mail from, add the desired address to receive replies. This is the default address where messages are sent whenever Contacts reply to messages sent from Mautic. If this field is blank, the address specified in **Email address to send mail** from is used. This is useful if your configured sender domain, which you use in the from address, contains a subdomain that doesn't have MX records or is otherwise an address that can't receive Emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Reply to address** -  To have Contacts reply to a different address than the specified From address, add the desired address here. This is the default reply-to address where messages are sent from Mautic unless it is overridden in an individual email. If this field is blank, the address specified in **Email address to send mail** from is used. The reply-to setting is useful if your configured sender domain - which you use in the from address - contains a subdomain that doesn't have MX records or is otherwise an address that can't receive Emails.
```

> * **Custom return path (bounce) address** - Set a custom return path/bounce Email for Emails sent from the system. Note that some mail transports, such as GMail, won'the support this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Custom return path (bounce) address** - Set a custom return path/bounce Email for Emails sent from the system. Note that some mail transports, such as GMail, won't support this.
```

> * **Mailer is owner** - If Contacts in Mautic have ``Owners``, select Yes to display the owner as sending all Emails to the Contacts they’re listed as the owner for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Mailer is owner** - If Contacts in Mautic have ``Owners``, select Yes to use the Contact owner as the sender of Emails to any Contacts they’re listed as the owner for. 
```

This was a bit wordy and confusing to me!

.. note:: 

    Mailer is owner overrides any other name or Email to send mail from, including the default and individual Emails. Every Contact owner’s domain must have SPF and DKIM records. You can see this configuration for individual Emails, rather than globally.
    For more information see :doc:`Mailer is owner</channels/emails>`

> * **Service to send mail through** - For most Mautic customers, this should remain as ``Mautic``. Your Emails route through the Mautic's Sparkpost account. If you are sending through your own Email service, select the service and enter your credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Service to send mail through** - Select the Email service provider you use, and enter your credentials. 
```

This first part was Acquia-specific - please watch out for this if you are pulling in documentation from SaaS providers.

  
Default frequency rule
======================

> * **Do not contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of marketing messages a Contact receives in a certain period of time (day, week, month). Transactional messages don’t count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or by preference center setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Do not contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Marketing Messages a Contact receives in a certain period of time (day, week, month). Transactional messages don’t count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or by Preference Center setting. 
```

> *More information is available in :doc:`Default Frequency Rule document</contacts/frequency_rules>`.*

Reviewer: Please fix this - it is not rendered correctly. Maybe put it in a note?

Monitored inbox settings
========================

.. image:: images/monitored-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Monitored Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Default Mailbox** - If Email addresses your messages are going to bounce, this inbox is where you receive those bounce notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Default Mailbox** - If your messages are going to bounce, this inbox is where you receive those bounce notifications.
```

* **Bounces** - A folder to monitor for new bounce messages or Emails.

* **Unsubscribe Requests** - A folder to monitor for new unsubscribe requests. 

> * **Contact Replies** - Similar to the monitored inbox for bounces, this is the inbox Mautic checks for Contact replies. Using "Replies to Email" decisions in any Campaign requires configuration. With ``Use custom connection settings?`` set to ``no``, Mautic checks the default mailbox. If set to ``yes``, you may track a different mailbox for replies.

Reviewer: Can we link to the docs about the Replies to Email configuration? Create a blank section if it is not yet written.

Author: Okay

Message settings
================

.. image:: images/message-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Message Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Text for the {webview_text} token** - The message indicating the reader can view the Email in their browser. The default is; 

> Having trouble reading this Email? Click here.

Reviewer: This has been outdented. Maybe put it in a code block or a note?

> To change the text, change the message between the ``<a href="|URL|">`` and ``</a>`` tags. Don't change the ``|URL|`` text, because that is a token for each Contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the text, change the message between the ``<a href="|URL|">`` and ``</a>`` tags. Don't change the ``|URL|`` text, because that is a token, which creates a unique URL for each Contact.
```

* **Default Email signature** - The signature for your default Emails, which pairs with the name & Email address in the **Mail Send** settings.

* **Append tracking pixel into Email body?** - To track Email opens, select **Yes**. Select **No** to prevent tracking, reporting on, and using decisions based on Email opens.

> * **Convert embed images to Base64** - Select **Yes** to display embedded images in Emails as code rather than as images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Convert embed images to Base64** - Select **Yes** to display embedded images in Emails using embedded base64 code rather than as embedded images.
```

* **Disable trackable URLs** - Removes tracking from URLs in your Emails. Select Yes to prevent tracking, reporting on, and using decisions based on link clicks. Some Email service providers don’t like redirecting URLs. Using trackable URLs in your Emails may impact deliverability.
  
Unsubscribe settings
====================

.. image:: images/unsubscribe-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Unsubscribe Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Text for the {unsubscribe_text} token** -  Like the ``{webview_text}`` token, customize the **Unsubscribe** link. For example:

> Edit between the ``<a href="|URL|">`` and ``</a>`` tags. Don’t change the URL as it's tokenized. If you add ``{unsubscribe_url}`` as a token in the Email, you won’t see this text.

Reviewer: This looks strange - use code mode or a note maybe.

* **Unsubscribed and resubscribed confirmation message** - If a Contact unsubscribes or resubscribes, this message displays on the page after the respective action. Don’t edit the ``|EMAIL|`` or the ``|URL|`` token in the ``<a href>`` tag.

> * **Show Contact preference settings** - Select **Yes** to direct the unsubscribe link to your configured preference center. If you haven’t created a preference center, Mautic creates a default page based on the next 5 settings. The created page uses the default Theme for styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show Contact preference settings** - Select **Yes** to direct the unsubscribe link to your configured preference center. If you haven’t created a Preference Center, Mautic creates a default page based on the next 5 settings. The created page uses the default Theme for styling.
```

> * **Show Contact Segment preferences** - Select **Yes** to enable a Contact to change which Segments they’re part of on the preference center page. Segments won’t display on the preference center page if they aren’t published and public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show Contact Segment preferences** - Select **Yes** to allow a Contact to change which Segments they’re part of on the Preference Center page. Segments won’t display on the Preference Center page if they aren’t published and public.
```

> * **Show Contact frequency preferences** - Select **Yes** to enable an individual to limit the number of marketing messages they receive on each Channel from the preference center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show Contact frequency preferences** - Select **Yes** to allow an individual to limit the number of Marketing Messages they receive on each Channel from the Preference Center.
```

> * **Show pause Contact preferences** - Select **Yes** to enable Contacts to turn-off messages from your Mautic account to their Email address for a specified date range. This action isn’t a full unsubscribe, and at the end of the date range, the message is sent to that address once again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show pause Contact preferences** - Select **Yes** to allow Contacts to turn-off messages from your Mautic account to their Email address for a specified date range. This action isn’t a full unsubscribe, and at the end of the date range, the message is sent to that address once again.
```

> * **Show Contact’s Categories** - If you have Categories set for Contacts, Campaigns, Emails, etc., select Yes to enable the Contact to opt out of the Categories they choose from the preference center page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show Contact’s Categories** - If you have Categories set for Contacts, Campaigns, Emails, etc., select Yes to allow the Contact to opt out of the Categories they choose from the Preference Center page.
```

> * **Show Contact’s preferred Channel option** - If you have multiple Channels available within your Mautic account (Email, SMS, mobile push, web notifications, etc.), Contacts can choose their preferred Channel. This can be useful if you are using the Marketing Messages feature of Mautic. More information about the Preference Center is available :doc:`here</contacts/preference_center>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show Contact’s preferred Channel option** - If you have multiple Channels available within your Mautic instance (Email, SMS, mobile push, web notifications, etc.), Contacts can choose their preferred Channel. This can be useful if you are using the Marketing Messages feature of Mautic. More information about the Preference Center is available :doc:`here</contacts/preference_center>`.
```

Form settings
*************

.. image:: images/form-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Form Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Do not accept submission from these domain names** - To block Contacts with specific Email domains from submitting your Forms, enter those domains in the dialog box. Select an option on each Form you want to apply this block to. You can restrict either specific Email aliases that belong to a domain or an entire domain. To block the entire domain, you can use wildcards (*).

Contact settings
****************

Contact merge settings
======================

.. image:: images/contact-merge-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Contact Merge Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Merge by unique fields with operator** - If you use more than one unique fields identifiers then you can define the way of the find to merge it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Merge by unique fields with operator** - If you use more than one unique field identifiers then you can define which operator is used when deciding to merge. 
```

Contact list settings
=====================

.. image:: images/contact-list-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Contact List Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Columns** -

Reviewer: Is this waiting for text? Seems like an incomplete section.

Author: Yes, looking for the best and simplest way to describe that section. Can you help with this? @RCheesley

Reviewer: Sure, this section allows you to choose from the left, which fields are shown on the contact lists (when you go to contacts in the front-end of Mautic and view the list).

So they have to select the fields from the left and move them to the right to show them in the list. Or remove from the right if they don't want them to be shown.

Import settings
===============

.. image:: images/import-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Import Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Automatically import in the background if the CSV has more rows than defined** - The browser/background import determines the number of rows in the CSV if this option is greater than 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Automatically import in the background if the CSV has more rows than defined** - If there are more than the specified number of rows in an import file, the CSV will automatically be set to import in the background (which requires a cron job to trigger). Set to 0 if you want to always import files in the background (recommended for performance optimization).
```

Please link this to the relevant documentation in the cron jobs section.

Segment settings
****************

.. image:: images/segment-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Segment Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Show warning if Segment hasn’t been rebuilt for X hours** - For all Contacts, dynamic Segments get rebuilt nightly. If there is an error that prevents a Segment from rebuilding, Mautic displays a warning message. This field allows you to configure the allowable length of time between rebuilds, post which the warning message appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show warning if Segment hasn’t been rebuilt for X hours** - Segments are rebuilt when the cron jobs are fired. If there is an error that prevents a Segment from rebuilding, Mautic displays a warning message. This field allows you to configure the allowable length of time between rebuilds, after which the warning message appears.
```

This was Acquia-specific documentation. Please link to the docs about the cron job for segment rebuilding.

Company settings
****************

.. image:: images/company-merge-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Company Merge Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Merge by unique fields with operator** - When you use more than one unique field identifier, you can define how the search merges them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Merge by unique fields with operator** - If you use more than one unique field identifiers then you can define which operator is used when deciding to merge. 
```

Notification settings
*********************

.. image:: images/campaign-notification-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Campaign Notification Settings Configuration in Mautic

.. image:: images/webhook-notification-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Webhook Notification Settings Configuration in Mautic

If a Campaign or Webhook is automatically unpublished because of a high volume of errors, Mautic sends a notification alerting Users.

* **Send notification to author** - Set this field to Yes to send an Email notification to the User who created the unpublished Campaign or Webhook. If the User is deleted, no notification is sent.

> * **Email addresses to receive notifications** - To send notifications to Users other than the author, enter a comma-separated list of Email addresses. You can include distribution lists and addresses of the Users who are not present in the Mautic instance.

Reviewer: Where is this field? It is not demonstrated in the screenshot above. Does it apply to both webhooks and campaigns?

Landing page settings
*********************

.. image:: images/landing-page-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Landing Page Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Show Category in page URL?** - If you use Categories, the landing page’s associated Category displays in the URL if you select Yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Show Category in page URL?** - If you use Categories, the Landing Page's associated Category displays in the URL if you select Yes.
```

> * **Analytics script** - To track landing page visits and activity in other platforms such as Google Analytics, add those tracking scripts here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Analytics script** - To track Landing Page visits and activity in other platforms such as Google Analytics, add those tracking scripts here.
```

Tracking settings
*****************

Mautic tracking settings
========================

.. image:: images/tracking-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Tracking Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Tracking code** - Insert this code on any page you would like to have tracked in Mautic before the ending </body> tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Tracking code** - Insert this code on any page you would like to have tracked in Mautic before the ending ``</body>`` tag.
```

.. note:: 

    The default tracking code provided in a new instance updates and changes after you set up a new custom domain or when you make changes to an existing one. You must use the new tracking code that reflects the new or edited custom domain. If you are using the plugin for WordPress, Drupal, or Joomla, re-enter your account information in the plugin.

* **Identify visitor by tracking URL** - Select **Yes** to have Mautic begin tracking a Contact after the Contact clicks a link in an Email on a device where no cookie exists.

* **Anonymize IP** - Select **Yes** to not store full IP addresses for your visitors/Contacts. This setting aids customers in achieving GDPR compliance.

> * **Identify visitors by IP** - Select **Yes** to enable, unidentified visitors with the same IP address as an existing Contact will be tracked as that Contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Identify visitors by IP** - Select **Yes** to use the IP address to identify Contacts. Unidentified visitors with the same IP address as an existing Contact will be tracked as that Contact. This may result in undesirable outcomes with large companies who use the same externally facing IP address.
```

> * **Do Not Track 404 error for anonymous Contacts** - Select **Yes** to not track page hits on any 404 error page tracked by the tracking code. This option helps prevent bots tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Do Not Track 404 error for anonymous Contacts** - Select **Yes** to not track page hits on any 404 error page tracked by the tracking code. This option helps prevent filling your logs with hits from bots.
```

.. note:: 

  * The tracking code automatically detects the Preferred Timezone and Preferred Locale fields.

>   * Pages including 4-byte UTF-8 characters, such as emojis and some Chinese or other non-Latin characters, in the page title or URL aren't tracked on a Contact’s activity history in Mautic. All Latin characters used in English and other western languages are of 1-byte and are tracked. The Mautic team checks logs and alerts Users if they are attempting to track pages with unsupported characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Pages including 4-byte UTF-8 characters, such as emojis and some Chinese or other non-Latin characters, in the page title or URL aren't tracked on a Contact’s activity history in Mautic. All Latin characters used in English and other western languages are of 1-byte and are tracked.
```

Please check for things like this - another Acquia-specific documentation.

* **Enabled IP Anonymization** - For subscribers sensitive to GDPR or other data privacy laws and regulations, select Yes to anonymize the IP address of web visitors before sending it to Google Analytics.* 

Report settings
***************

.. image:: images/report-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Report Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Always quote data in CSV export** - Select Yes to wrap each Mautic field in double quotation marks when exported to a CSV file. For example: ``"First Name",”Last Name”,””, "some text"``.

Text message settings
*********************

.. image:: images/text-message-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Text Message Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Select default transport to use** - If you have configured a delivery service for SMS messages, select the service here to send messages. You must configure a delivery service before selecting it here.

User/Authentication settings
****************************

SAML/SSO settings
=================

.. image:: images/SMAL-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing SAML/SSO Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Identity provider metadata file** - Upload the metadata XML file from your IDentity Provider (IDP) here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Identity provider metadata file** - Upload the metadata XML file from your Identity Provider (IDP) here.
```

> * **Default Role for created Users** - With User Roles created in the Roles section of the settings panel, you may select one of those Roles as the default for Users created using SSO. If empty, Mautic Users won’t be created using SSO. See Users and Roles.

Reviewer: Link to the relevant documentation here please!

Enter the names of the attributes the configured IDP uses for the Mautic User fields. Match the field name from your identity provider to the field name Mautic uses for User creation.

* **Email**
* **First name**
* **Last name**
* **Username**

Use a custom X.509 certificate and private key to secure communication between Mautic and the IDP. Upload your:

* **X.509 certificate**
* **Private key file**
* Enter your **Private key encryption password**

Webhook settings
****************

.. image:: images/webhook-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Webhook Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Queue Mode** - Select how to process Webhook events. Process immediately executes the Webhook event. Queue mode only adds the event the queue and it must be processed by a cron command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Queue Mode** - Select how to process Webhook events. Process immediately executes the Webhook event as soon as it arrives. Queue mode only adds the event the queue and it must be processed by a cron command, which is better for performance.
```

Reviewer: Please link to the relevant documentation on webhook queue processing.

* **Wait time before retrying a failed action** - If for any reason a Campaign action doesn't execute, this is the length of time Mautic waits before trying again.

* **Use date range for all views** - When viewing a Campaign, the date range of actions, conditions, decisions, and Contacts displayed in the tabs is based on this setting.

* **Use summary statistics** - Improves performance when viewing a Campaign with thousands of events per day by using summarized data. When you first turn on this setting you will need to run a :ref:`cron job<campaign cron jobs>` to summarize existing data.

Email settings
**************

Mail send settings
==================

.. image:: images/mail-send-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Mail Send Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Name to send mail as** - The default name Emails come from. This is typically something like ``{YourCompany Marketing Team}`` or ``{YourCompany}``.
  
* **Email address to send mail from** - The Email address for the name you’re sending mail from. The address displays in the ``From:`` field when your Contacts receive your Emails.

.. note::

>   Ensure that you configure your sender domain, DKIM, bounce, and click tracking domains. For more information, see :ref:`Email<emails>` document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ensure that you configure your sender domain, DKIM, bounce, and click tracking domains. For more information, see the :ref:`Email<emails>` documentation.
```

* **Reply to address** -  To have Contacts reply to a different address than the specified From address, add the desired address here. This is the default ``reply-to`` address where messages are sent from Mautic unless it is overridden in an individual Email. If this field is blank, the address specified in **Email address to send mail** from is used. The ``reply-to`` setting is useful if your configured sender domain - which you use in the from address - contains a subdomain that doesn't have MX records or is otherwise an address that can't receive Emails.
  
* **Custom return path (bounce) address** - Set a custom return path/bounce email address for Emails sent from the system. Note that some mail transports, such as GMail, won't support this.

> * **Mailer is owner** - If Contacts in Mautic have Owners, select Yes to use the Contact owner as the sender of Emails to any Contacts they’re listed as the owner for. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Mailer is owner** - If Contacts in Mautic have owners, select Yes to use the Contact owner as the sender of Emails to any Contacts they’re listed as the owner for. 
```

  
  To change the text, change the message between the ``<a href="|URL|">`` and ``</a>`` tags. Don't change the ``|URL|`` text, because that is a token, which creates a unique URL for each Contact.

* **Default Email signature** - The signature for your default Emails, which pairs with the name & Email address in the **Mail Send** settings.

* **Append tracking pixel into Email body?** - To track Email opens, select **Yes**. Select **No** to prevent tracking, reporting on, and using decisions based on Email opens.

* **Convert embed images to Base64** - Select **Yes** to display embedded images in Emails using embedded base64 code rather than as embedded images.

* **Disable trackable URLs** - Removes tracking from URLs in your Emails. Select Yes to prevent tracking, reporting on, and using decisions based on link clicks. Some Email service providers don’t like redirecting URLs. Using trackable URLs in your Emails may impact deliverability.
  
Unsubscribe settings
====================

.. image:: images/unsubscribe-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Unsubscribe Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Text for the {unsubscribe_text} token** -  Like the ``{webview_text}`` token, customize the **Unsubscribe** link. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Text for the {unsubscribe_text} token** -  Like the ``{webview_text}`` token, this allows you to customize the **Unsubscribe** link. 
```

Form settings
*************

.. image:: images/form-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Form Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Do not accept submission from these domain names** - To block Contacts with specific Email domains from submitting your Forms, enter those domains in the dialog box. Select an option on each Form you want to apply this block to. You can restrict either specific Email aliases that belong to a domain or an entire domain. To block the entire domain, you can use wildcards (*).

Contact settings
****************

Contact merge settings
======================

.. image:: images/contact-merge-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Contact Merge Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Merge by unique fields with operator** - If you use more than one unique field identifiers then you can define which operator is used when deciding to merge. 

Contact list settings
=====================

.. image:: images/contact-list-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Contact List Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Columns** - Select from the left which fields appear on the Contact lists(when you go to Contacts in the Mautic and view the list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Columns** - Select from the left which fields appear on the Contact lists (when you go to Contacts in the Mautic and view the list).
```

> The fields must be selected from the left, moved to the right, or removed from the right if you don't want them to appear in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields must be selected from the left and moved to the right column to display, or removed from the right column if you don't want them to appear in the list.
```

* **Google Analytics ID** - Enter your Google Analytics ID and select the options you’d like to use the pixel for.

* **Enabled on your tracking page** - Select Yes to have Mautic append the Google Analytics script to the Mautic tracking code to track pages where the tracking code exists.

* **Enabled on Mautic landing page** - Select Yes to have Mautic add the Google Analytics script to Mautic landing pages.

* **Enabled IP Anonymization** - For subscribers sensitive to GDPR or other data privacy laws and regulations, select Yes to anonymize the IP address of web visitors before sending it to Google Analytics.* 

Report settings
***************

.. image:: images/report-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Report Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Always quote data in CSV export** - Select Yes to wrap each Mautic field in double quotation marks when exported to a CSV file. For example: ``"First Name",”Last Name”,””, "some text"``.

Text message settings
*********************

.. image:: images/text-message-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Text Message Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Select default transport to use** - If you have configured a delivery service for SMS messages, select the service here to send messages. You must configure a delivery service before selecting it here.

Reviewer: Please make a screenshot and instructions with an SMS transport set up, so that it's explained what the settings do. It is quite similar to the email ones, I think. I have a trial Twilio account which I use for the purpose, should not be too difficult to do.

Author: > We are definitely getting there!
> 
> Here are a few suggestions, but I also noticed a lot of Vale warnings in the Gitpod console (check the Problems tab) - too many for me to fix in a review.
> 
> Please take a look and let me know if you get stuck with any of the passive to active speech ones!

Most of the vale errors occur on the wording page. Should the wording page be replaced with Landing Page even though it's not a Mautic feature? For example, should the Login Page be replaced with Login Landing Page?

Author: Okay.

User/Authentication settings
****************************

SAML/SSO settings
=================

.. image:: images/SMAL-settings.png
  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing SAML/SSO Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Identity provider metadata file** - Upload the metadata XML file from your Identity Provider (IDP) here.

> * **Default Role for created Users** - With :doc:`User Roles</users_roles/managing_roles>` created in the Roles section of the settings panel, you may select one of those Roles as the default for Users created using SSO. If empty, Mautic Users won’t be created using SSO. See Users and Roles.

Reviewer: Please link 'see users and roles' to the relevant page.
